README.MD, before:

Joomla Extension CedAdd2Home (Apple springboard) for your Joomla site

This is a Joomla plugin

Product page https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-showcase/

* Can Places a floating balloon inviting the user to add your application to the home screen.
* Support custom Startup image
* Custom icon for your site (iphone, ipad and ipod optimized icon are supported)
* Custom viewport option to specify how your site will look like (screen ratio, initial height and size, user resizable)

How it Works

-The message appears after 2 seconds (customizable) from page load, and is destroyed after 20 seconds (also customizable). The balloon enters and exits the screen with a quick configurable animation: drop from top, bubble from bottom or fade in/out.
-The balloon can be dismissed any time by tapping the small “x” icon.
-The script also checks the user locale and shows the message in an appropriate language. So far the following languages are supported:
Catalan Chinese (Traditional and Simplified) Danish Dutch English Finnish French German Greek Hebrew Hungarian Italian Japanese Korean Norwegian Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Thai Turkish

Review CedAdd2Home in Joomla Extension Directory
https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-jed/

Download CedAdd2Home
https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-download/
https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-download-club/   need a valid subscription https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-subscribe/

CedAdd2Home Documentation
https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-doc/

CedAdd2Home Showcase
https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-demo/

Commit message:

added version 2.2.1-free to master

README.MD, after:

# CedAdd2Home Joomla

* Can Places a floating balloon inviting the user to add your application to the home screen.
* Support custom Startup image
* Custom icon for your site (iphone, ipad and ipod optimized icon are supported)
* Custom viewport option to specify how your site will look like (screen ratio, initial height and size, user resizable)

[More details](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-showcase/) 

## Demo
[https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-demo/](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-demo/)

## Documentation
[https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-doc/](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-doc/)

## Joomla JED
[https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-jed/](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-jed/)

## Download
### free version
You need to [register](https://www.galaxiis.com/index.php/member-access?view=registration) for free and be logged-in to see the [download link](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-download/)  

### Premium version

You need to [register](https://www.galaxiis.com/index.php/member-access?view=registration) for free, you need a [valid license](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-subscribe/) to see the [download link](https://www.galaxiis.com/cedadd2home-download-club/)
